# Terms and conditions of use
These Terms and Conditions of Use (the “Terms of Use”) apply to the GeoData Limited website located at www.geopostcodes.com, and all associated sites linked to www.geopostcodes.com by GeoData Ltd (collectively, the “Website”). The Website is the property of GeoData Limited ("GeoData"). Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using data and/or services from GeoData. These Terms of Use govern your use of the website. These Terms of Use apply to all visitors, users, buyers, sellers and others who access the data and Services (as defined below).

By visiting the Website or using the data and/or services in any manner, you agree that you have read and agree to be bound by and a party to the Terms of Use to the exclusion of all other terms. If you do not unconditionally agree to all the terms of Use, you have no right to use the website, data or services. Access to the Website and use of GeoData's data and services is expressly conditioned upon your assent to all the terms of Use, to the exclusion of all other terms.
#### Services
The Website, domain name and any other features, content or application services, including any mobile application services, offered by GeoData are owned and operated by GeoData. Subject to the Terms of Use, GeoData may offer to provide certain data and/or services, as described more fully on the Website, and that have been selected by you, solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. The term "Services" includes, without limitation, use of the Website, data and any service GeoData performs for you and the Content (as defined below) offered by GeoData on the Website.

GeoData may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or content. GeoData may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability.
#### Content
The Services and its contents are intended solely for the personal and non-commercial use of the Services and may only be used in accordance with the Terms of Use. All materials displayed or performed on the Services, also known as the "Content" are protected by copyright. You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right.

Except as expressly provided in these Terms of Use, no part of the Website and no Content may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including “mirroring”) to any other computer, server, website or other medium for publication or distribution or for any commercial enterprise, without GeoData’s express prior written consent.

You may use information on GeoData products and services (such as product sheets, data samples, and similar materials) purposely made available by GeoData for downloading from the Website, provided that you (i) not remove any proprietary notice language in all copies of such documents, (ii) use such information only for your personal, non-commercial informational purpose and do not copy or post such information on any networked computer or broadcast it in any media, (iii) make no modifications to any such information, and (iv) not make any additional representations or warranties relating to such documents.
#### Changes to Website
GeoData reserves the right to (i) change or remove (temporarily or permanently) the Website or any part of it without notice and you agree that GeoData shall not be liable to you for any such change or removal; and (ii) change any of the Terms of Use contained in this document or any policies or rules governing the Website and/or the Services at any time and in its sole discretion. Any such changes will be effective upon the posting of the revised Terms of Use or such policies and rules on the Website and you are solely responsible for reviewing any such notice and the corresponding changes to the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Website and/or the Services following any such revisions to the Terms of Use or such policies and rules will constitute your acceptance of such changes. If you do not agree to any such changes, do not continue to use the Website and the Services.
#### Purchases; Other Terms and Conditions
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of datasets or services and to specific portions or features of the Website, including contests, promotions or other similar features, all of which terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference. You agree to abide by such other terms and conditions, including where applicable representing that you are of sufficient legal age to use or participate in such service or feature. If there is a conflict between these Terms of Use and the terms posted for or applicable to a specific portion of the Website or for any dataset or service offered on or through the Website, the latter terms shall control with respect to your use of that portion of the Website or the specific dataset or service.

GeoData’s obligations, if any, with regard to its datasets and services are governed solely by the agreements pursuant to which they are provided, and nothing on this Website should be construed to alter such agreements.

GeoData may make changes to any datasets or services offered on the Website, or to the applicable prices for any such datasets or services, at any time, without notice. The materials on the Website with respect to datasets and services may be out of date, and GeoData makes no commitment to update the materials on the Website with respect to such datasets and services.
#### Your account, Password and Security
Certain features or services offered on or through the Website may require you to open an account (including setting up a GeoPostcodes ID and password). Any registration information that you provide to GeoData must be accurate, current and complete. You must also update information so that GeoData may send you notices, statements and other information by email or through your account. You are responsible for all actions taken through its accounts.

You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you hold for your account, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account as a result of your failing to keep this information secure and confidential. You agree to notify GeoData immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or password, or any other breach of security. You may be held liable for losses incurred by GeoData or any other user of or visitor to the Website due to someone else using your GeoPostcodes ID, password or account as a result of your failing to keep your account information secure and confidential.

You may not use anyone else’s GeoPostcodes ID, password or account at any time without the express permission and consent of the holder of that GeoPostcodes ID, password or account. GeoData cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations.
#### Links to Other Websites
This Website may contain links to other independent third-party Websites (“Linked Websites”). These Linked Websites are provided solely as a convenience to our visitors. Such Linked Websites are not under GeoData’s control, and GeoData is not responsible for and does not endorse the content of such Linked Websites, including any information or materials contained on such Linked Websites. You will need to make your own independent judgment regarding your interaction with these Linked Websites.
#### Payment and methods of payment
All prices are listed in US Dollars (USD) and must be paid in USD unless otherwise agreed with us. The prices are taxes and fees inclusive. If any additional national or local taxes are applicable, they will be paid by the customer. GeoData reserves the right to update its prices at any time. Products are always invoiced based on the prices in force when an order was registered.

The payment of a purchase is made with a credit/debit card through our online payment gateway (Eurocard/Mastercard and Visa are all accepted) or by wire transfer to our bank account. All bank charges related to an online payment or a wire transfer are at customer charge. You are sole responsible for the actual payment of the purchased product.

For purchase above $1,000 GeoData may request a signed purchase order from you before granting access to the dataset download. The purchase order will indicate the item, the description, the quantity and the agreed price of the product purchased. It will be signed for acceptance by you. You can provide your own purchase order or use the purchase order template proposed by GeoData. The submission of a purchase order creates a legally binding contract which cannot be changed without the consent of both parties.
#### Return and cancellation Policy
Subscription fees are non-refundable and non-transferable. You may extensively review the material available on our website before completing any purchase to ensure that our files match your requirements.
#### Copyright
All and any texts, data and images contained in the Website are copyrighted and all rights are reserved worldwide. Therefore and according to copyright laws, only a private usage is allowed without prejudice of any other enforcement, possibly more restrictive, of the afore mentioned copyright laws.

You are forbidden to copy, reproduce, distribute, sell, publish or otherwise exploit and/or redistribute under any format whatsoever including but not limited to electronic supports, the information available on the Website and/or in the databases provided by GeoData.

Therefore, all and any other usages shall constitute a forgery offense and will be prosecuted to the full extent of governing copyright laws, unless a prior written consent is obtained from GeoData.
#### Disclaimer of warranty
GeoData does not promise that the Website or any content, service or feature of the Website will be error-free or uninterrupted, or that any defects will be corrected, or that your use of the website will provide specific results. The Website and its Content are delivered on an "as-is" and "as-available" basis. All information provided on the Website is subject to change without notice. GeoData cannot ensure that any files or other data you download from the Website will be free of viruses or contamination or destructive features. GeoData disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including any warranties of accuracy, non-infrigement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. GeoData disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the Website and/or any GeoData Services. You assume total responsibility for your use of the Website and any Linked Websites. Your sole remedy against GeoData for dissatisfaction with the Website or any Content is to stop using the Website or any such Content. This limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties.

The above disclaimer applies to any damages, liability or injuries caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction of or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use, whether for breach of contract, tort, negligence or any other cause of action.

GeoData reserves the right to do any of the following, at any time, without notice: (i) to modify, suspend or terminate operation of or access to the Website, or any portion of the Website, for any reason; (ii) to modify or change the Website, or any portion of the Website, and any applicable policies or terms; and (iii) to interrupt the operation of the Website, or any portion of the Website, as necessary to perform routine or non-routine maintenance, error correction, or other changes.
#### Limitation of liability
In no event will GeoData be liable for any injury, loss, claim, damages or any special, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind arising out of or in connection with any your or Website users' access to, or use of the Website and/or Services, any material thereon or any products, goods, materials or services available therefrom, whether based in contract, tort and whether negligent or otherwise, even if GeoData has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In the event that this exclusion of liability is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unlawful, but that liability may be lawfully limited, GeoData aggregate total liability to you for all such damages and losses shall be limited to the fifty (50) usd.
#### Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold GeoData and its employees and agents harmless from and against all liabilities, legal fees, damages, losses, costs and other expenses in relation to any claims or actions brought against GeoData arising out of any breach by you of these Terms of Use or other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website.
#### Violation of These Terms of Use
You agree that GeoData may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Website and/or block your future access to the Website if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Website. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to GeoData, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to GeoData obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that GeoData deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies GeoData may have at law or in equity.

If GeoData does take any legal action against you as a result of your violation of these Terms of Use, GeoData will be entitled to recover from you, and you agree to pay, all reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of such action, in addition to any other relief granted to GeoData. You agree that GeoData will not be liable to you or to any third party for termination of your access to the Website as a result of any violation of these Terms of Use.
#### Severability
In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the extent necessary to make the intent of the language enforceable. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.
#### Applicable Law and Dispute
This Agreement and all matters arising from it are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales whose courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all disputes arising in connection with this Agreement and the place of performance of this Agreement is agreed by you to be England. Any claim under these Terms of Use must be brought within six (6) months after the cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action is barred. Claims made under the separate terms and conditions of purchase for goods and services are not subject to this limitation. In the event of any controversy or dispute between GeoData and you arising out of or in connection with your use of the Website, the parties shall attempt, promptly and in good faith, to resolve any such dispute. If we are unable to resolve any such dispute within a reasonable time (not to exceed sixty (60) days), then the parties shall seek to mutually appoint an arbitrator to treat any unresolved controversy or claim. All parties must commence and pursue arbitration to resolve disputes before commencing legal action. If either party commences action in any court prior to an arbitrator's final decision on the controversy or claim, then the party so commencing the action will be responsible for all expenses incurred by the parties in the arbitration and the court proceedings, whether or not they are the prevailing party. If the dispute cannot be resolved through arbitration, then the parties shall be free to pursue any right or remedy available to them under applicable law.
#### Entire Agreement
These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between you and GeoData with regard to your use of the Website, and any and all other written or oral agreements or understandings previously existing between you and GeoData with respect to such use are hereby superseded and cancelled.

## Privacy policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for the www.geopostcodes.com website. GeoData Ltd respects the privacy of its users and clients, it abides by all laws governing the protection of privacy and individual rights. GeoData Ltd will never disclose to any third-party any information provided by the client. Such information is confidential and only used for purposes related to the ongoing transaction. GeoData reserves the right to send its clients updates on any changes to its services or promotional offers by email.
#### Information collection, use and sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this Website. We do not collect, store, or share any personally identifiable user data, except what you voluntarily give to us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.

We do collect IP addresses in our server logs, as well as information like your internet domain, the date and time of your visit, and the pages you access on www.geopostcodes.com. This information is collected solely for diagnostic and analytic purposes. We do not share any identifiable information about this information at any time and use this information internally only.
#### Account information
We collect account information such as name, telephone and address solely for billing purposes and to fill your orders. It is collected, processed, and held in a secure environment that only authorized employees can access.
#### Cookies
We use cookies and log file information to store information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or in subsequent visits, to maintain sessions for authenticated users and to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.



Rev. 1.21 Apr. 2016 © GeoData Ltd 
